What is some random detail about the main character that is absolutely pointless to know

Favorite number is 3,739,206,210,900,848.3
His neighbor’s dog’s sister’s ex’s 3rd wife’s owner’s brother’s daughter’s uncle’s friend’s friend was in New York around 9/01/01
Franziska von Karma’s memorable crying scene was added last-minute.
They are lactose intolerant
he has a sword
They like water
He has two left hands and a kratom dependency
He can absolutely wail on electric guitars


Name an object that the player can possess, and describe what the moveset with said object could be.

An upside-down circle that makes you flip to the ceiling - PROGRESS
OBJETION! - THROWN
A coffee cup that allows the player to sip and increase intelligence and charisma and dexterity and athletics but drastically decreases mental health. - THROWN
Electric guitar (Flying V shaped) shoot lightning bolts or colorful laser beams


Name an environment / area they player will visit

Bank vault


What is an NPC that could appear, and what could it want or say. Does anything happen when talking to it? (it can be real or fictional people / characters)

the plaintiff
Henry Clay the old congressman. If a character speaks with him he takes out a cane and attempts to beat the character to death with it. He loves a good chocolate éclair however.
Ozzy freaking Osbourne “I’ve lost my golden record” yadda yadda yadda


(Optional) if you have another npc suggestion, put it here

a deranged convict that has been convicted of unspeakable crimes.
Jack freaking Black


Name a side gimmick for a level (does not have to go with your level enviornment suggestion)

Rail grinding
Bouncy enemies
riding an ant i guess
sonic
Rhythm game!! (Like Guitar hero!)


Name some sort of story (like anything)

Escaping khizars basement
Robbin hood
robo cowboy entercource in space is illegal (for some reason) and you have to legalize it
the bible
he find the sword (throw it bitch)
Becoming a doctor
A conceptual thriller with paranormal elements that revolves around the Mexican Revolution.
Our character is banished to Terra Timoris/Underworld after The Devil finds out about our mischievous shenanigans, and makes a deal with our main character. The Devil was a little careless one day and a whole bunch of banished souls have gone loose. If we can collect enough souls, The Devil will return us back to where we came from
BUT!! The Devil is a twisted man, and used us! He says we’re doomed to stay here forever! a totally wicked guitar battle must ensue! (Boss fight) we defeat the devil and release all of the souls back to (Heaven? The land of the living? Psh, I don’t know, choose one)


Who dies during the game's "story" (at least ONE person / character will die. This can be a real person if you really want that)

You when your parents see your report card
Ozzy freaking Osbourne :’(


would you like to be in the game as an NPC, if so, what would you say to the player? (if someone else placed you for death, you will be put in either way)

YES
sure why not
Yes. I would say something about communism and the government or something.
YES!! OMG THIS IS MY DREAM! Let me be the person to either introduce the main character to the world or show them how to use their guitar ability :D

